In this lecture, we take a look at the test energy enabled attributes.
So what is the testing enabled attribute?
It's an attribute that can be used to prevent a method from executing.
The method itself will skip when enabled is set to false.
There is more than one way to skip a test.
For example, we can exclude it from the test inject sample.
This option, however, provides convenience when we want to skip the methods to review the outcome
quickly.
The below image displays a method that has been given the enabled equals false attributes.
This method will now be skipped up on test execution.
So let's see an example.
In Eclipse.
I'm going to simply copy and paste the class from the last lecture call in this new one.
L 14 for lecture 14.
And I'm going to give it a name of enabled.
I'm then going to double click to open that class.
Well, you'll see the following code.
So for this test, I am going to remove the last test case.
Just leave in the enter email and enter password.
So I am going to set enabled equals false on this first enter email method.
And to do that, all I need to do is.
In brackets rights enabled.
Equals false.
Like so.
So if I save this class now and try executing it, I would expect this test not to run.
So let's give it a go.
So it's gone to lock in page.
And it's only entered a password.
So that has worked as expected.
And the reason for that is I've simply entered enabled equals false.
And I've set that flag in the test notation for that method.
Thank you for watching.